2014 gives you the warmest welcome
Carnival with its own identity increases
in 2014
changing Tuesday, March 4 at 4
the afternoon the mosaic of litters of the
municipality on the runway located in the
street iturbide carnival is out in bread
2014 attend and have fun Tuesday 4 of
March at 8 pm anniversary of the
chiautempan litter in iturbide street
track No. 6 Thursday 6th March at
18 hours youth carnival festival was
in the park juarez Friday , March 7 a
7:30 pm artistic presentation
of the comedian pooch show in the park
Juarez on Saturday, March 8 at 4
the afternoon the camera contest
invited from different municipalities of the
been in the municipal auditorium Sunday
March 9 4 in the afternoon the great
carnival closing parade with the
monumental bands business schools
litters and comparsas in the street tube and
of hidalgo centenario and ignacio piezo
carnival is absent 2014 attends
and have fun Sunday, March 9 at 18
30 hours traditional hanged in the
Park Juarez Carnival will be absent 2014
attend and have fun Sunday, March 9 a
the 18 45 hours the presentation
artistic of the winner of the contest both
to my land tem to 2014 in the park
juarez with jo jorge falcon receives
recognition for its 50 years of life
artistic on March 9 at 19
hours in the park juárez
in the peace park we started to leave
8 o'clock at night
reports in municipal presidency without
numbers last night try at tlaxcala
telephones 01 246 46 424 35 web portal
contemplate point gob.mx mail committee
carnival 2014
dot gob.mx is changing